Update (#68)
OpenVoiceOS/community-docs: docs/arch_apis.md

# APIs

> There are several API's used by OVOS including for weather inquiries, Wolfram-alpha and others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several APIs used by OVOS, which include those for weather inquiries, Wolfram Alpha, and others.
```

Author: This file is unused for now

> There are several API's used by OVOS including for weather inquiries, Wolfram-alpha and others

Author: This file is not used as of now

> OVOS provides default keys that are used by default and no more configuration is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OVOS provides default configuration keys in the user configuration file (typically found at `~/.config/mycroft/mycroft.conf`. For most users, no additional configuration is needed.
```

Author: same thing, unused file

> You can always provide your own API keys for each service, and even add more APIs for OVOS to use.

Reviewer: Suggest adding some examples. I know this is for less technical users, but to my mind, that means we should provide as detailed examples for configuration as possible.

Author: After we get a simple version out, I thought better examples could be added pretty easy then.  And I would like to keep most of the technical stuff in the other docs.  Make this one super simple
